[![Android Arsenal](https://img.shields.io/badge/Android%20Arsenal-AndroidAudioRecorder-green.svg?style=true)](https://android-arsenal.com/details/1/4099) [![Release](https://jitpack.io/v/adrielcafe/AndroidAudioRecorder.svg)](https://jitpack.io/#adrielcafe/AndroidAudioRecorder)

#AudioToWAV
This application records live audio from the user and stores the recorded audio
on their device.

#Folders
.idea: This folder contains our libraries that we used in this project.

app: This folder contains .java and .xml files that correspond to what the
Main Menu uses and how the Main Menu operates.

build: Contains build information about the project.

gradle: Contains gradle information about the project.

lib: This folder contains .java and .xml files that correspond to what the
second screen(Audio to WAV in live action) uses and how it operates.

screenshots: This folder contains screenshots of what the application looks
like when operating on a device.

The following license is for using some libraries provided by Cleveroad Inc.
## License
...
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2016 Cleveroad Inc.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS
IN THE SOFTWARE.
...

The following license is for using some libraries provided by Adriel Cafe.
## License
```
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2016 Adriel Caf√©

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
```
